docs: Universal2 discussion and more updates (#577)
joerick/cibuildwheel: docs/faq.md

#### `arm64`

The native wheel for macOS on Apple Silicon.

Requires Pip 20.3+ (or packaging 20.5+) to install.

#### `universal2`

This wheel contains both architectures, causing it to be up to twice the
size (data files do not get doubled, only compiled code). It requires
Pip 20.3 (Packaging 20.6+) to load on Intel, and Pip 21.0.1 (Packaging 20.9+)
to load on Apple Silicon.

!!! note
    The dual-architecture `universal2` has a few benefits, but a key benefit
    to a universal wheel is that a user can bundle these wheels into an
    application and ship a single binary.

    However, if you have a large library, then you might prefer to ship
    the two single-arch wheels instead - `x86_64` and `arm64`. In rare cases,
    you might want to build all three, but in that case, pip will not download
    the universal wheels, because it prefers the most specific wheel
    available.

Generally speaking, because Pip 20.3 is required for the `universal2` wheel,
most packages should provide both `x86_64` and `universal2` wheels for now.
Once Pip 20.3+ is common on macOS, then it should be possible to ship only the
`universal2` wheel.

> **Apple Silicon wheels are not built by default**, but can be enabled by setting the [`CIBW_ARCHS_MACOS` option](options.md#archs) to `x86_64 arm64 universal2`. Cross-compilation is provided by the Xcode toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Apple Silicon wheels are not built by default**, but can be enabled by adding extra archs to the [`CIBW_ARCHS_MACOS` option](options.md#archs) - e.g. `x86_64 arm64 universal2`. Cross-compilation is provided by the Xcode toolchain.
```
